PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH!...
SEEMS EVERYTHING'S GOING
ACCORDING TO PLAN.
I TOOK CARE
OF BAKURA
LIKE YOU ASKED
SO YOU COULD
RESCUE HIM, MARIK,
AND GAIN THE TRUST
OF THOSE FOOLS.
WHAT'S THE NEXT PART
OF THE PLAN?
YOU'LL OBTAIN
A DUEL DISK
AND ENTER THE BATTLE CITY
TOURNAMENT FINALS.
HA HA HA!
HERE WE COME,
BATTLE CITY FINALS!
Tea: IT'S PROJECTING
SOMETHING.
Tristan:
WHAT IS IT?
Computer voice:
CONGRATULATIONS.
STAND BY FOR DIRECTIONS
TO KAIBA CORP STADIUM.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH
IS IN THE GAME ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
Man: THIS IS COPTER ONE.
WE'VE BEGUN OUR DESCENT
INTO KAIBA CORP STADIUM
FOR THE COMMENCEMENT
OF THE BATTLE CITY FINALS.
[THINKING] MY COMPETITION...
IF YOU CAN CALL THEM THAT,
WILL BE ARRIVING SOON...
ALONG WITH THE TWO
REMAINING EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
LOOK AT THAT FOOL
STANDING THERE.
SOON HE WILL BECOME
A PAWN IN HIS OWN
PATHETIC GAME.
Odion: THAT'S RIGHT, MARIK.
LISTEN CLOSELY...
THE TIME HAS COME
TO PUT THE FINAL PART
OF MY PLAN INTO MOTION
AND I'LL NEED YOUR HELP.
MMM.
THIS IS IT.
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN.
AND EVERYTHING THAT I NEED
TO GAIN INFINITE POWER
WILL BE IN ONE PLACE...
ALL WE HAVE TO DO NOW
IS WIN!
FOR FIVE THOUSAND YEARS
THE WORLD HAS WAITED
FOR THE ANCIENT PHARAOH
TO RETURN.
AS THE SCRIPTURES STATE,
HE WILL USE HIS BOUNDLESS POWER
TO RESCUE THE WORLD FROM EVIL
AS HE DID BEFORE.
WIELDING THE STRENGTH
OF THE EGYPTIAN GODS,
HIS SPIRIT SHALL EMERGE
FROM WITHIN THE CHAMBERS
OF THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
TO RULE MANKIND ONCE AGAIN.
WELL I SHALL FULFILL
THAT PROPHECY!
BY SEIZING
THE MILLENNIUM
PUZZLE
AND DRAINING
THE PHARAOH'S POWER.
BUT AS YOU KNOW, ODION,
THE PUZZLE ISN'T ALL I NEED.
ACCORDING TO THE ANCIENT
SCRIPTURES,
IN ORDER TO POSSESS
THE PHARAOH'S POWER,
ONE MUST ALSO HOLD
ALL THREE EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
ONCE I ACCOMPLISH THIS TASK
I WILL BE PHARAOH...
AND THE FORMER RULER WILL WANDER
THE SHADOW REALM FOR ETERNITY!
THIS IS WHERE I NEED
YOUR HELP, ODION.
I MUST HIDE MY IDENTITY.
EVERYONE SHALL THINK
YOU ARE ME.
AS FOR MYSELF, THOSE FOOLS
ALREADYBELIEVE ME TO BE
A FRIEND NAMED NAMU.
I'LL GAIN THEIR TRUST
THEN CRUSH THEM
WITH THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA!
Marik: HA HA HA HA!
GO TURN ON THE LIGHTS!
LIGHTS?
ILLUMINATE THE STADIUM
RIGHT NOW!
RIGHT!
TURN THE
LIGHTS ON!
Mokuba: WHAT IS IT SETO?
Kaiba: I THOUGHT
I HEARD SOMETHING.
NO ONE SHOULD ENTER THE STADIUM
WITHOUT FIRST REPORTING TO ME!
Roland: NOT TO WORRY MR. KAIBA.
WE'LL LOCATE ANY AND ALL
TRESPASSERS.
Kaiba: SOMEONE ELSE IS ARRIVING.
HEY LOOK!
Mokuba: THE FIRST THREE
FINALISTS--JOEY, YUGI AND MAI!
Yugi: THIS IS IT?
THIS PLACE'S STILL
UNDER CONSTRUCTION!
WE'RE UNFASHIONABLY EARLY.
WELCOME. PRESENT
YOUR LOCATOR CARDS.
Joey: CHECK IT OUT.
WE ALL GOT SIX.
Fuguta: THEN HERE ARE
YOUR TOURNAMENT I.D.'s.
CONGRATULATIONS. YOU THREE ARE
NOW OFFICIALLY BATTLE CITY
FINALISTS.
WE ALREADY KNEW THAT.
NOW SECURITY'S TIGHT.
SO MAKE SURE YOU HAVE
THESE CARDS WITH YOU
AT ALL TIMES.
DANKS. NOW WHERE'S
EVERYONE ELSE?
SO FAR IT'S JUST
THE THREE OF YOU
AND OF COURSE MR. KAIBA.
Fuguta: WE EXPECT
THE OTHER FOUR
FINALISTS SHORTLY.
[THINKING] NOT THAT IT MATTERS.
YOU'LL ALL LOSE SOON ENOUGH.
HMM?
Roland: HERE COMES
SOMEONE NOW.
Yugi: GUYS, I'VE GOT A BAD
FEELING ABOUT THIS.
Joey: HEY YUGE, YOU DINK
IT'S DAT EVIL CREEP, MARIK?
Yugi: IT COULD BE. HE MUST BE
ONE OF THE EIGHT FINALISTS.
[THINKING] THIS IS THE END
FOR YOU, PHARAOH!
SOON THE STRONGEST POWER
IN THE WORLD WILL BELONG TO ME!
WHO IS DAT?
HA HA HA HA HA!
WAIT A MINUTE.
I KNOW YOU.
YOU'RE NAMU
RIGHT!?
YOU SAVED
BAKURA'S
LIFE!
GLAD I COULD HELP...
WHERE'S BAKURA NOW?
RESTING...
IN THE HOSPITAL.
Marik: EXCELLENT.
I'LL DO ANYTHING
TO HELP SOMEONE IN NEED.
Joey, thinking: I DON'T
KNOW WHAT IT IS,
BUT THERE'S SOMETHIN'
I DON'T TRUST ABOUT DIS GUY.
WIT ALL A'DESE RARE HUNTERS
RUNNIN' AROUND
I DON'T BELIEVE
WHAT ANYONE SAYS!
SO JOEY IT LOOKS LIKE WE BOTH
MADE IT TO THE BATTLE CITY
FINALS, DIDN'T WE?
I NEVER THOUGHT
I'D GET THIS FAR.
BUT SINCE
THE DAY I MET YOU TWO
I'VE BEEN WINNING EVERY DUEL.
[THINKING] SO YOU'D
BETTER BEWARE!
YUGI! MEET
OUR FRIEND NAMU.
HE'S THE ONE WHO
SAVED BAKURA'S LIFE
AND GET THIS--
HE'S ALSO
ONE OF THE BATTLE
CITY FINALISTS.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT,
JOEY?
HUH?... I-AHHHH,
YEAH, SURE.
I'VE HEARD ABOUT YOU, YUGI.
IT'S AN HONOR TO MEET YOU.
NAMU...THANKS A LOT
FOR HELPING OUT
BAKURA.
ANY FRIEND OF JOEY
AND TEA'S IS A BUDDY
OF MINE.
Marik: I'M SO HAPPY TO BE
SURROUNDED BY SUCH
A WELCOMING CROWD,
I JUST HOPE EVERYONE I MEET
TONIGHT IS AS FRIENDLY
AS YOU PEOPLE.
Joey, thinking: AH, MAYBE
HE'S NOT SO BAD AFTER ALL.
WHAT DO I KNOW?!
HUH?
HEY, THAT'S BAKURA!
Joey: WHAT'S HE
DOIN' HERE!?
BAKURA!
YOU SHOULD GET BACK
TO THE HOSPITAL!
BAKURA! YOU SHOULD
REALLY BE RESTING!
YEAH GRANDPA TOLD ME YOU WERE
IN PRETTY BAD CONDITION!
THEY LET YOU OUT?
I'M FINE.
LOOK BAKURA. I DON'T KNOW HOW
YOU FOUND US HERE,
BUT YOU BETTER GET BACK
TO THAT HOSPITAL!
Yugi: WAIT! WHAT
ARE YA DOING
WEARING A DUEL DISC?
HOW ELSE COULD I WIN
SIX LOCATOR CARDS
AND ENTER
THE FINALS!?
AAH!
JUST LOOK.
[THINKING] PERFECT. HE'S HOLDING
UP HIS END OF OUR BARGAIN.
THE FOOL IS DUELING FOR ME!
[THINKING] NO WAY!
BAKURA COULD BARELY WALK!
HOW'D HE WIN SIX LOCATOR CARDS!?
REWIND A SEC! WHEN DID YOU JOIN
THE TOURNAMENT?!
JOIN? HOW'D YOU MAKE IT
ALL THE WAY TO THE FINALS?!
Joey: DIS IS FREAKIN' ME OUT!
HEY LOOK! IT'S THE SEVENTH
FINALIST!
Joey: DIS GUY LOOKS FAMILIAR...
AND DAT'S A MUG YA DON'T FORGET.
HE MUST HOLD THE THIRD
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
Tea: OH!
Joey: DATS DA GUY!
Tea: HE'S THE ONE
WHO KIDNAPPED ME!
Kaiba: STATE YOUR NAME
RIGHT NOW!
Odion: I AM MARIK.
AH, I'LL KICK
YOUR BRAIN-WASHIN'
KEISTER!
YOU ARE NO MATCH FOR ME, FOOL.
THE ONLY REASON
I'M NOT TOSSIN' YOU OUT
BY YOUR CAPE RIGHT NOW...
IS SO I CAN SAVE MY ENERGY
TO TAKE YOU DOWN IN THE FINALS!
GOT DAT, PAL!?
I SHOULD DISQUALIFY YOU
RIGHT NOW
FOR CAPTURING MY LITTLE
BROTHER MOKUBA.
BUT YOU HAVE SOMETHING
THAT I WANT.
AND BEFORE THE FINALS
ARE OVER
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD
CARD'LL BE MINE!
DOESN'T LOOK LIKE YOU HAVE
TOO MANY FRIENDS AROUND HERE,
TATTOO FACE!
HUH!
Joey: I DINK
I SCARED 'IM, YUGE.
Roland: ALRIGHT, CAN I HAVE
YOUR ATTENTION PLEASE!
SEVEN OUT OF EIGHT OF YOU
ARE HERE...
SO NOW IT'S TIME
TO ANNOUNCE...
THAT ALTHOUGH YOUR
LOCATOR CARDS LED YOU HERE,
THIS IS NOT THE SITE
OF THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
THE ACTUAL TOURNAMENT ARENA
SHOULD BE ARRIVING HERE
ANY SECOND NOW FOLKS.
I'M LOST.
WHERE ARE THE FINALS?
LOOK! UP THERE!
IT'S KAIBA'S BLIMP!
DUUUDE!
IT'S HUGE!
Roland: STAND BACK.
WE'LL ALL BE BOARDING SHORTLY.
Fuguta: KAIBA KRAFT 3,
YOU'RE CLEARED FOR LANDING.
OH MAN!
SO WE'RE DUELING IN THE SKY?
Mokuba: YOU GOT IT!
IN FACT...FOUR THOUSAND FEET
IN THE SKY TO BE EXACT!
Joey: YOU GOT
BARF BAGS
ON BOARD?
JUST CHECKIN'.
ALRIGHT LISTEN UP!
IT'S TIME TO BOARD
KAIBA KRAFT THREE
FOR THE START
OF THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
Roland: WE'LL DEPART AS SOON
AS THE EIGHTH DUELIST ARRIVES.
CLIMB ABOARD
AND WATCH YOUR STEP.
A GIRL COULD DEFINITELY GET USED
TO THIS KIND OF TREATMENT.
Yugi, thinking: I WONDER WHO
THE EIGHTH FINALIST IS.
OH YEAH BABY! I'M KICKIN' BUTT
ON A BLIMP!
HOLD IT! I CAN'T
LET YOU FOUR
ON BOARD
WITHOUT
TOURNAMENT I.D.s.
Tristan: NO WAY!
Tea: C'MON!
PLEASE SIR...
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD
TO ACTUALLY SEEING
MY BIG BROTHER DUEL
FOR A LONG TIME.
CUT HER SOME SLACK.
WHAT'S DA BIG DEAL!?
LET US GO ON!
WE'LL BE QUIET!
JUST THIS ONCE?
IT IS AGAINST THE RULES.
GIVE IT A REST, ROLAND,
WE CAN BEND THE RULES
FOR THEM.
I DON'T HAVE AN I.D. CARD.
BUT THEY'RE...
MR. KAIBA'S RULES.
WELL BIG BRO?
WHATEVER.
Tristan: WELL...
SOUNDS LIKE A YES TO ME.
HEY!
JUST LET THE DWEEBS GO.
HMM.
THANKS SETO!
BEGIN TAKEOFF IMMEDIATELY.
BUT MR. KAIBA...
THE FINAL DUELIST
HASN'T ARRIVED.
OH WELL.
[THINKING] THE EGYPTIAN GOD
CARDS ARE ALREADY ON BOARD.
Mokuba:
YOU SURE YOU WANNA
DO THIS SETO?
WHAT DO WE DO?
WE FOLLOW
MR. KAIBA'S ORDERS.
HMM?
SOMEONE'S COMING.
IT MUST BE
THE EIGHTH FINALIST.
[THINKING] I'M HERE
TO SAVE YOU, MY BROTHER.
I BELIEVE YOU GENTLEMEN
ARE WAITING FOR ME?
MY LOCATOR CARDS.
WELCOME. FOLLOW US.
[THINKING] IT HAS BEGUN...
THE FINAL CONFRONTATION
IS UPON US
AND THE FATE OF THE WORLD
HANGS IN THE BALANCE.
Man: KAIBA KRAFT THREE
PREPARE FOR LIFTOFF.
ALL THRUSTERS ARE ENGAGED.
WE HAVE LIFTOFF.
ROTATE ENGINES
FOR FORWARD PROPULSION.
WE HAVE REACHED THE OFFICIAL
DUELING ALTITUDE.
Tea: THIS IS AWESOME.
I'VE NEVER SEEN THE CITY
FROM THIS HIGH UP.
THE LIGHTS ARE SO BEAUTIFUL.
THANKS FOR BRINGING ME, JOEY.
JUUUST ONE OF
THE MANY PERKS
OF BEING RELATED
TO A CHAMPION.
HA HA HA!
YOU CALL YOURSELF
A CHAMPION WHEELER?
YOU'RE HERE BY A FLUKE.
KEEP WALKIN' KAIBA!
ENJOY THIS
WHILE YOU CAN.
AND LISTEN. I WOULDN'T GET
YOUR HOPES UP TOO HIGH,
BECAUSE IT'S A LONG WAY DOWN
FROM UP HERE.
OH AND THE...THE LAST
TIME I CHECKED,
MONKEYS CAN'T FLY.
[THINKING] MONKEY?!?
WHO'S HE CALLIN' A MONKEY!!
YUGI, I HAVE SOME WORDS
OF ADVICE FOR YOU TOO.
I'M AWARE THAT YOU HAVEN'T
PLAYED YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
SINCE YOU WON IT,
BUT IT'S TIME FOR THAT
TO END RIGHT HERE AND NOW.
SO IT HAD BETTER BE IN YOUR DECK
DURING THE FINALS
BECAUSE I INTEND TO WIN IT!
THIS IS MY TOURNAMENT YUGI!
GOT IT?! AND THEN WHEN
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
ARE ALL OVER...
I'LL BE THE WORLD'S
GREATEST DUELIST.
AND THE OWNER OF ALL THREE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS,
MAKING MY DECK UNBEATABLE.
SO IT'S TIME TO SAY
YOUR GOODBYES
TO SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON.
AND TO ANY HOPES YOU HAD
OF WINNING!
LISTEN TO ME CLOSELY.
DUELIST KINGDOM IS FAR AWAY.
AND AS LONG AS YOU'RE
UP HERE WITH ME...
YOU'RE PLAYING MY GAME
BY MY RULES.
NOW IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
I HAVE A TOURNAMENT TO RUN.
Joey: MAN, DIS BALLOON
IS FULL OF HOT AIR.
Roland: ATTENTION BATTLE CITY
FINALISTS...
PLEASE REPORT TO YOUR ASSIGNED
ROOMS WHICH YOU'LL ACCESS
WITH YOUR I.D. CARDS.
Joey: HERE WE ARE.
Serenity: CHECK OUT
OUR DELUXE PAD!
WHOA, WHAT A GREAT VIEW!
WOW...IT'S SO AWESOME!
THANK YOU.
IF IT HADN'T BEEN
FOR YOU, JOEY,
I WOULDN'T BE ABLE
TO SEE ALL THIS,
YA KNOW THAT.
BUTCHA CAN, AND DAT'S
WHAT MATTERS.
I CAN'T THINK
OF ANYWHERE ELSE
I'D RATHER BE
RIGHT NOW.
IT'S...KINDA LIKE
A DREAM JOEY.
UP HERE IN THE SKY
LOOKING DOWN ON ALL
OF THE BUILDINGS.
I'LL NEVER FORGET
THIS SIGHT...NEVER.
HMM.
THANKS SIS.
FOR WHAT?
I'M THE ONE WHO
SHOULD BE THANKING
YOUFOR ALL THIS.
YOU'RE THE GREATEST
BROTHER!
AND MY BEST FRIEND.
MY ALLERGIES'RE ACTIN' UP.
BUT I COULDN'T A GOTTEN HERE
WITOUT YOUR HELP, SIS.
WE'RE A GOOD TEAM.
YES WE ARE.
BIG BRO.
[THINKING] AH. AND I'M GONNA
WIN DIS THING
WITH YOUR
SUPPORT SERENITY.
NO WAY AM I GONNA LET KAIBA
OR ANYONE ELSE DISCOURAGE ME.
I GOTTA STAY FOCUSED AND NOT LET
ANYTHING DISTRACT ME FROM--
NAH, I THINK YUGI'S ROOM
IS BIGGER!
WHAT'SA MATTA,
YOU GUYS NEVER HEARD
OF A DOORBELL?
WE NEEDED SOMEWHERE TO CRASH
WHILE THEY TRY TO FIND
SOME ROOMS FOR US.
Tristan: NOW LET'S SEE HERE.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW
HARD IT IS TO FIND
THIS KIND OF CHEESE!
LET'S CHOW DOWN!
ROOM SERVICE ON JOEY!
THAT'S IT!! GET OUTTA
MY ROOM YOU MOOCHERS!
COME ON JOEY. BE A GOOD SPORT.
THEY'RE HUNGRY!
BUT I CAN'T...FOCUS.
HOW AM I S'POSTA PREPARE
FOR MY DUELS
WITH ALL THIS GOIN' ON?
[THINKING] I'LL ASK SERENITY
IF SHE WANTS TO CHECK OUT
THE ROMANTIC VIEW WITH ME.
'SCUSE ME!
HEY SERENITY. WANNA'
CHECK OUT THE VIEW?
OH SURE.
THAT WAS MY LINE!
COME ON!
HEY LOOK! WE'RE FLYING
RIGHT OVER MY GAMING SHOP.
OH COOL.
UHHH...
[YAWN]
HEY THERE BIG GUY.
I'M SORRY THAT WE BUM-RUSHED
YOUR FAMILY TIME LIKE THAT.
YOU WOULDN'T HAFTA
BE SORRY
IF YOU DIDN'T COME
IN THE FIRST PLACE!
GO BOTHER YUGI.
NAH, WE WANTED TO MAKE SURE
HE HAD SOME PEACE AND QUIET
BEFORE THE FINALS
STARTED, JOEY.
I'M DUELING, TOO, YA KNOW?
OH THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU PUNK.
AND BY THE WAY...
THANK YOU.
HM?
FOR TAKING CARE
OF MY SISTA.
JUST HELPING OUT A BUDDY.
WELL IT MEANS ALOT.
ANY TIME...I MEAN IT.
YEAH?
YEAH.
[THINKING] IT'S ALMOST TIME.
HOLD IT GUYS! WHAT DO YOU TWO
THINK YOU'RE DOING?
WE'RE INFORMING MR. KAIBA
ABOUT THE LATE ARRIVAL.
THE EIGHTH DUELIST.
YOU KNOW I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED
IF MY BROTHER FIRED YOU JOKERS
FOR INTERRUPTING HIM WHILE
HE'S TRYING TO PREP FOR A DUEL.
YES SIR. UNDERSTOOD!
[THINKING] HMM. THE MOMENT
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR
IS ABOUT TO ARRIVE.
WITH THIS ONE CARD,
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR,
I WILL DESTROY
BOTH YUGI AND MARIK
AND GAIN THEIR EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS.
ONCE I WIELD ALL THREE,
I'LL BE UNBEATABLE!
HA HA HA!
I MAY HAVE MISSED OUT ON WINNING
THE DUELIST KINGDOM FINALS.
BUT THIS TIME I KNOW
THAT I'LL BE VICTORIOUS.
IT IS MY SWORN DUTY TO WIN.
FOR MASTER MARIK.
I PROMISE THAT I WILL
NOT FAIL HIM.
[THINKING] MY VICTORY
IN THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
IS INEVITABLE.
SINCE I'VE MANIPULATED
SO MANY PEOPLE, I CAN'T LOSE!
YUGI BELIEVES ME
TO BE ON HIS SIDE.
WHILE I SECRETLY CONTROL
THE MINDS OF HIS FRIENDS!
AND WHEN THE TIME IS RIGHT,
I WILL SEIZE THAT CONTROL.
THEN THERE'S BAKURA.
RATHER THAN WASTE MY ENERGY
CONTROLLING HIS MIND,
I'VE FOOLED THE SPIRIT
OF THE MILLENNIUM RING
INTO USING BAKURA
TO DUEL FOR ME.
SO BEFORE LONG THE THREE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
AS WELL AS THE MILLENNIUM
PUZZLE WILL BE MINE.
ONLY THEN CAN I OBTAIN
THE BOUNDLESS POWER
OF THE PHARAOH HIMSELF!
HA HA HA!
AND THE BEST PART IS...
I CAN'T LOSE!
WITH ODION AND BAKURA
DUELING FOR ME
AND YUGI BELIEVING ME TO BE
HIS KINDHEARTED FRIEND NAMU...
VICTORY WILL SURELY BE MINE!
IF I HONESTLY EXPECT TO
STOP MARIK FROM GETTING
WHAT HE WANTS,
I HAVE TO DO WHAT KAIBA SAID
AND PUT SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
IN MY DECK.
BUT IT'S A REALLY POWERFUL CARD
AND USING IT
COULD BE VERY DANGEROUS
SO I'M GOING TO HAFTA
BE CAREFUL!
ALRIGHT. NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS.
I'VE GOT TO BELIEVE IN MY DECK
AND IN MYSELF.
Yami-Yugi: YOU MADE
THE CORRECT DECISION, YUGI.
IN ORDER TO SAVE THE WORLD
FROM DESTRUCTION
WE'RE GOING TO NEED THAT CARD.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
WILL HELP US DEFEAT
THE EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
HELD BY MARIK
AS WELL AS PREVENT HIM
FROM WINNING THE ONE
HELD BY KAIBA,
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR.
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
WILL BE AN EPIC CLASH
BETWEEN THESE THREE
EGYPTIAN GODS!
BUT WE MUST TRIUMPH.
WELL THAT'S NOT THE ONLY
THING I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
I'VE GOT A BAD FEELING
ABOUT BAKURA.
GO ON.
HOW DID HE RECOVER
SO QUICKLY
AND BECOME
A BATTLE CITY FINALIST?
UNLESS THE PERSON
ON BOARD ISN'T BAKURA!
BAKURA, WHY
HAVE YOU TAKEN US
TO THE SHADOW REALM?
BAKURA? BAKURA
IS NO LONGER HERE.
IF YOU'RE NOT BAKURA,
THEN WHO ARE YOU?
I AM A THIEF
AND A STEALER
OF SOULS.
[THINKING] WHOSOEVER WIELDS
ALL SEVEN MILLENNIUM ITEMS
WILL POSSESS
POWER UNIMAGINABLE!
AAH!
Tristan: SORRY BAKURA!
BUT THAT RING'S GOTTA GO!
UH!
BUT...TRISTAN GOT RID
OF THE MILLENNIUM RING
IN DUELIST KINGDOM.
SO HOW COULD
THE EVIL SPIRIT THAT
ONCE CONTROLLED BAKURA
BE BACK AGAIN?
YOU CAN'T PREDICT THE PATH
OF A MILLENNIUM ITEM.
THE RING MUST HAVE FOUND
ITS WAY BACK TO BAKURA.
OH NO!
NOW WINNING
WILL BE EVEN HARDER.
WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
WE'VE GOT TO WIN!
THE FATE OF
THE WHOLE WORLD
DEPENDS ON IT!
YES BUT MANY DANGERS
LIE AHEAD.
SO WE HAVE TO BE PREPARED
FOR ANYTHING.
EVERYTHING IS IN PLACE.
IT'S UP TO FATE NOW.
Roland: ATTENTION DUELISTS.
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS
ARE ABOUT TO BEGIN.
MR. KAIBA REQUESTS
THE PRESENCE OF ALL FINALISTS
IN THE MAIN HALL.
GOOD LUCK!
A'RIGHT NOW YOU GUYS...
LET'S GO!
YEAH!
HA HA HA!
Kaiba: WINNERS FIRST,
MONKEY BOY.
WHAT'DJA SAY, TOUGH GUY?
YEAH YOU BETTA WALK AWAY!
HELLO JOEY.
HEY, NAMU.
BEFORE WE BEGIN
LET ME JUST SAY
MAY THE BEST MAN WIN.
I WILL. AND LET ME
JUST SAY
I HOPE YOU'RE NOT
TOO DISAPPOINTED
WHEN I BEATCHA NAMU.
WELL I ADMIRE YOUR
DETERMINATION JOEY, LET'S GO.
YEAH!
[THINKING] A'RIGHT...
TIME TO WIN DUELS
AND TAKE NAMES!
JOEY WHEELER'S GOIN'
TO DA TOP!
Yugi, thinking: THIS IS IT.
THE FATE OF THE WORLD
DEPENDS ON ME
AND THE HEART OF THE CARDS!